web27
codepen Part Two link : https://codepen.io/rofstudios/pen/NWPPjdY?editors=1100


Part 2 Q&A

<!-- reveiw questions to Submit in today's file firt-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the firt-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        Clarity/Meaning/Understanding of your html.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        Structuring the layout of a website and its content.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        Attributes are like additional information, they are added inside element tags.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        h1 tag is for main highest priority text, such as Title of a page or section.
        Can be used as many times as needed if the page calls for.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        href and src
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        a lot of meta data that goes unseen to the user.
    7. What is an id?
        a form of attribute that adds a unique id to an element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        i believe any element with self closing brackets <> </>
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        once
    10. What is a class? 
        similar to ID attribute tag, but allows more more than one usage.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        same as ID although generally used for styling
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        multiple times.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        use the target="_blank" attribute
    14. What is the alt attribute used for?
        using it with an image, you can add a title descriving the image incase the image does not show 
    15. How do I reference an id?
        to call the id in css? #+id name
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        a section is like highlighting a section that are related to one another, to outline it as a section,
        while div is good when you need to style a group.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        css is used for styling your html
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        class specifically is good for calling multiple elements. multiple lists and so forth,
        id would be good to use with something like a footer,
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .assignedclassname{}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .human p{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
        the child selector whithin the parent selector. Specificity 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar a:link{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        a property/keyword that alters the state of a selector.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height property
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing property
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        the text-transform property ex. text-transform: uppercase/lowercase/capitalize etcc;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        border: 1px dotte black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        *  selector
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm - once you delete it, it is gone for good.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        keep an eye on all the changes, a good way to review edits aswell as bad versions.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        fairly often.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push -u origin "firstName-lastName"
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        1 fork repo
        2 add TL as collabs
        3 clone repo in terminal
        4 create our branch using git checkout -b "firstName-lastName"
        5 add . / commit -m / push -u origin "firstName-lastName"

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        inline is within the tag elements, does not take more spacenthan that. block will extend out as needed. A list is an example.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        fixed value, so it can overlap with other elements
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
        box model is essential a set of borders around every element and can be accessed for styling in css. 
        box-sizing: border-box
